Add instructions for downloading local reference files (#231)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf: external-data-instructions.md

1. **Install the necessary dependencies.**
You will need to make sure you have the following software installed on your HPC where you plan to execute the workflow:
    - [Nextflow](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/getstarted.html#installation), the main workflow engine that scpca-nf relies on.
    This can be downloaded and installed by any user, with minimal external requirements.
    - [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) or [Singularity](https://sylabs.io/guides/3.0/user-guide/installation.html#installation), which allows the use of container images that encapsulate other dependencies used by the workflow reproducibly.
    These usually require installation by system administrators, but most HPC systems have one available (usually Singularity).
    - Other software dependencies are handled by Nextflow, which will download Docker or Singularity images as required

> 1. **Organize your files.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Organize your files.**
```
I think this should still be 2?

Author: Yes, but it doesn't matter for markdown rendering, interestingly enough.

The Data Lab's [AWS Batch config file](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf/blob/main/config/profile_awsbatch.config) may be helpful as a reference for creating a profile for use with AWS, but note that the queues and file locations listed there are not publicly available, so these will need to be set to different values your own profile.

> ### Using `scpca-nf` on nodes without direct internet access

Reviewer: I think it might be worth here adding a note in the overview that explains that internet is required for Nextflow to pull reference files and docker/singularity containers. And then a link to this section if you are running on a node without internet. I just noticed a lot in my evals that people were confused on how Docker or singularity is being used so I think explaining upfront that we are pulling containers, like you do here, would also be helpful.

Some HPC systems limit the network traffic of compute nodes for security reasons.
The standard configuration of the `scpca-nf`, however, expects that reference files and container images (for docker or singularity) can be downloaded as needed.
If your system does not allow direct internet access, you will need to pre-download the required reference files to a local directory and adjust parameters to direct the workflow to use the local files.

We provide the script [`get_refs.py`](get_refs.py) to download these reference files and optionally pull container images to the location of your choice.
If you have downloaded the full `scpca-nf` repository, this script is included in the base directory.
Alternatively, you can download and run this script on its own with the following commands from the location of your choice.

<!-- TODO: Update to `main` before merging -->
```
curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf/development/get_refs.py

> chmod +x get_refs.py

Reviewer: I think my preference is to actually break this up and include only these two commands here which refer specifically to how to access the script and then have a separate chunk that shows the line below, which is running the script. I would then move the below line `./get_refs.py` to below the explanation so users are less tempted to run things without reading what they are actually running.

./get_refs.py
```

> By default, this will download the files required for mapping gene expression data sets to the subdirectory `scpca-references` at your current location.
> The script will also create a parameter file named `localref_params.yaml` that defines the `ref_rootdir` and `assembly` Nextflow parameter variables required to use these local data files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the script is downloaded and executable, running the script will download the files required for mapping gene expression data sets to the subdirectory `scpca-references` at your current location.
The script will also create a parameter file named `localref_params.yaml` that defines the `ref_rootdir` and `assembly` Nextflow parameter variables required to use these local data files.
```
After this is where I would put the line to run the script.
